Created new sections in the design document, including correctness of auction, state of server, and state of bidder:

# Correctness of auction
Our auction system contains $N$ servers and one MySQL database. Every client will connect to a assigned server and send there bid request to it. There are few rules

1. The bidding with higher price will take over the ownership of the item
2. If more than two bidding requests handled by the same server, it randomly pick one to win the ownership temporarily.


## State of Server
### Prestart
Initializing necessary configurations
### Accept bidding
Once the server received a bidding request, it will first check the item price in the database. If the bidding price is higher, the server modify the owner of the item, send the receipt to the client.

## State of Bidder
### Prebid
Create an account with a random balance, register the account with one server, wait until registration has succeeded.
### Bidding
Client will continuously get the currect infomation from the server and decide whether to send the bidding request. If the client decide not to bid, go to waiting state.

Then the client will send the bidding request containing bidding price. There are some conditions when the request is received by the server.
1. The information in the database has been updated.
2. No modification has been made.

Since the price of the item is always bigger than its previous one, if the bidding price of the client is lower than current price, reject it anyway, otherwise accept it and give the ownership to the client.
 
### Waiting
If the client decide not to bid and it's not the owner of the item, it sleeps a random seconds.
