# Design Document

The spec of ECS 251 OS Auction Application. The goal is to simulate the auction process and monitor the relationship between minimum increment(MI) and the server londing. The application inculdes the following components:

## Database
* MySQL
    * consensus included
* Item Table
    * Item  ID
    * Current Owner
    * Current price
    * Number of MI
* Member Table
    * Client ID
    * Cleint IP:Port
* Bidding LOG Table
    * Bidder ID
    * Bidding price
    * Number of minimum increment
    * Status : successful or fail
    * Timerstamp

## Load_Balancer
* **(TODO)** distribute requests to servers

## Server
Handle HTTP requests from clients and connect to the database to update rows. For simplicity, there is only one product on the server for bidding.

* fields
    * Server id
    * Max client
    * Client count
* show_listing
* update_listing
* assign
    * server_id-client_count


## Client
Decide whether to bid, number of minimum increments, and send HTTP requests to the server. Update infomation according to the response. A while loop is continuous running to decide to bid or sleep.

### Client fields
  * ID: A unique ID to identify the client.
  * Balance :　Current balance of the client, one of the factor to make bidding decision.
  * Current price of product
  * Current MI


### Client Functions
 #### Registration
 Send `reg` request when the client connects to the server first time.
 #### Bidding
 1. Send `check` to pull the current infomation.
 2. Decide whether to bid according to the previous response, if bid, go to step 3 otherwise exit this function and wait random secs.
 3. If the client decides to bid, send `bid` request to try to get the temporary ownership of the product.
 4. If it receives `suc` response, then just sleep and wait if any notification from the server that the ownership has been taken. Otherwise, if `rej` response was receive, exit this function.
#### Update
This should be called to update internal infomation, like current owner, price, MI.


## GET parameters

## Trello Link
https://trello.com/invite/b/n8SXVztD/15d4a3aee67d7248058ca20b419726de/auctions


